BUG: Slice Arrow buffer before passing it to numpy (#40896) (#41046)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.0.rst

- Bug in :func:`read_excel` dropping empty values from single-column spreadsheets (:issue:`39808`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_string` misplacing the truncation column when ``index=False`` (:issue:`40907`)
- Bug in :func:`read_orc` always raising ``AttributeError`` (:issue:`40918`)

> - Bug in the conversion from pyarrow to pandas (e.g. for reading Parquet) with nullable dtypes and a pyarrow array whose data buffer size is not a multiple of dtype size (:issue:`40896`)

Reviewer: would not object to actually showing `read_parquet` reference here

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's needed (the original bug report didn't actually involve a plain reading of a Parquet file (not sure this can happen with that), but with a dataset scan+filter operation (from any source format).

Author: Yes, I was creating the arrow table using only the arrow api. The bug then occured on the conversion to pandas.

I did not actually try to reproduce the bug using `read_parquet`, so I'm also not sure if it can happen this way.

Reviewer 2: I suppose it could happen when reading a parquet file using the new dataset API by passing a certain filter. But anyway, I don't think we need to make that explicit, IMO the above error message is clear enough.

- Fixed bug where :meth:`Series.idxmax`, :meth:`Series.idxmin` and ``argmax/min`` fail when the underlying data is :class:`ExtensionArray` (:issue:`32749`, :issue:`33719`, :issue:`36566`)
- Fixed a bug where some properties of subclasses of :class:`PandasExtensionDtype` where improperly cached (:issue:`40329`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.mask` where masking a :class:`Dataframe` with an :class:`ExtensionArray` dtype raises ``ValueError`` (:issue:`40941`)

> - Bug in :func:`pyarrow_array_to_numpy_and_mask` where Numpy raises ``ValueError`` if buffer size does not match multiple of dtype size (:issue:`40896`)

Reviewer: can you change this to a user facing note.

> - Bug in :func:`pyarrow_array_to_numpy_and_mask` when converting a pyarrow array who's data buffer size is not a multiple of dtype size (:issue:`40896`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug in the conversion from pyarrow to pandas (e.g. for reading Parquet) with nullable dtypes and a pyarrow array whose data buffer size is not a multiple of dtype size (:issue:`40896`)
```

`pyarrow_array_to_numpy_and_mask` is not a public method, so we should try to avoid mentioning it. So a suggested rewording above. 

Also, I would maybe move this to the `I/O` section

Author: I changed that as suggested. Also, let me know if I should rebase to get rid of the small commits.

Reviewer 2: > Also, let me know if I should rebase to get rid of the small commits.

No need to do that, we will squash everything when merging (well, github does that for us ;))
